1. About Upwork
- URL
https://upwork.com
- Description
Upwork is a global freelancing platform where businesses and independent professionals connect and collaborate remotely.
Many companies find remote engineers for their upcoming projects then make the contract via upwork and go ahead with the contract.

2. About me
I am a full stack developer and I have been working as freelancer on upwork for 4 years.
I have rich experience in working on Upwork as a full stack developer
I have my own solution how to get jobs quickly on upwork even profile is not good.
I could get many jobs using this solution so that I earned over $40k from there for 1 year.

3. My Problems
Recently I can't get more jobs with my account because it's full up with progressing jobs, and Upwork doesn't allow if I can add multiple jobs at the same time.

4. Solution
I am going to find someone who can help me to expand my work
if you help me to work with your Upwork account, I can get more jobs and I'll payout for the account usage monthly.
I'll payout 10% of my earning monthly.
Then you'll get extra earnings even if you don't work something for the extra earning.


if you provide a free laptop or VMware(because I don't want to access your privacy data), I can continue my work with my upwork account.
Certainly if you provide remote connection(using anydesk or teamviewer) to me, I can continue my work with my upwork account using regular IP.

5. Payment
I'll payout 10% of my monthly earning to you.

6. Estimation
I make sure to earn 2000~3000 usd monthly for first 2 months, because we need to improve the status of your upwork account for first 2 months.
You'll get 200~300 usd monthly for this 2 months.
From third month, I make sure to earn more than 5000 USD from third month
then you'll get more than 500 usd monthly.

7. Protection
- You don't need to share upwork login with me.
I can't connect upwork on my side directly.
I can't use upwork on my side directly because upwork only allows user to connect on his location, and if I connect with different ip, they will ban your upwork account.
You'll need provide any free laptop or VMware(because I don't want to access your privacy data), I can work on upwork.
- We'll add your payment card with upwork withdraw method
if we withdraw money from upwork, it will go to your payment card, then you'll keep your charge and send mine to my paypal or payoneer.
certainly you manage the payment yourself and there is none reason if you worry about payment or not.

8. Contact
We can discuss via telegram in more.
My id is https://t.me/notchnotch